Goals
	Death should sting a bit
	Wealth should be meaningful and risky
	Building:  Shouldn't be able to just crap out a giant ship out of your backpack
	Resources should be somewhat limited
	
Death
	Quantum Mindstate storage, a powered base / CV device that also uses CPU
		Stored minds degrade if power is down awhile
		This might result in levels / skills lost
	Cloners:
		HV Cloners should probably be removed
		Consume resources to relife people.  The higher level the player the more costly the relife.
		Should this cause a respec?
		Long duration debuff after relife.
			Maybe have higher tier cloners with less of a debuff?
	Option 1:
		Dead is dead, but on death spawn a second long lasting bag with a memory cell
		A friend can grab this and take you to a cloner, and you lose no experience.
	Option 2:
		Option 1 + can choose to relife to a backed up mindstate.  You'll reset back to the level
		and skills of the stored mind.  This should cost something extra maybe?
Wealth
	Anything worth buying won't take credits.  Hard currency == more risk.
	Jump points
		Travel to another system should only work near a jump point
		This will create travel lanes in space that can be worked by pirates
	Loot taken from POI and piracy should be flagged as stolen
		A pirate faction should trade in stolen stuff
	Factional patrols scan for stolen goods?
Resources
	Server set to small, non respawning resources and no meteors.
	SWG style planetwide mineral spawns (mantle mining)
		Shifting areas of resources with concentrated areas that change randomly every few days
		Resource concentrations will be tiered, with only a single type in an area per tier
			T1	Iron, Copper, Silicon
			T2	Cobalt, Neo, Sath, Prometheum
			T3	Zasco, Erest, Gold, Pentaxid
		Autominers would be used to mine these slowly
		Survey devices
			Attach to a nearby LCD to show concentrations in the area
			Need to stay near the ground
			Models
				Bike	cheap and easy, short range
				HV		cheapish and easy to make
				SV		requires rarer resources (neo / sath / cobalt)
				CV		Ultra rare resources and expensive (erest / zasco / gold)
	Power conversion
		Convert solar power into fusion batteries?
Building
	Blueprints should only build very small simple stuff out of the player's backpack if even that
	Anything the player builds should be able to be saved to blueprint via some new mechanism
		This allows players to save any cool stuff they make for creative mode / workshop etc
	High end blueprints should be buildable at factional shipyards (except for bases)
		This will cost alot of money, take a bit of time, and require shipping in vulnerable resources
		pirates likely to attack on the way